During the vast majority of the time, alcohol is not allowed at all. There
are lots of young people and the commanding officer doesn't want
to see one sip of it go into their mouths. There are a few instances
where alcohol is tolerated. I think I saw maybe four or five instances
while we were deployed that everyone got a blue ticket, and you
give your blue ticket to the guy, the whole ship stops, nobody's working,
except to make the ship you know like kinda sit in the water
and make sure everything's safe. But for that one day that one evening
you give a blue ticket, they give you one case of alcohol, and then
you're done. Yeah some people would kind of like swap something
out to get like two or three, but no one was drunk. It's just to get
some alcohol on your tongue, and then that's it. Later on that night
everything was cleared, all of the alcohol was gone, and back to work
as usual.